friends of the whole set mx it gives me great pleasure to greet you and first of all
I remind you that the fantastic league is open as soon as it falls to the last
of the lists of the 32 selections registered for the world cup was
open this this possibility of stopping to put together the teams put
his players participate or who is the best coach in the world and
talking about technicians that has criticized for the Basque aguirre yesterday after the
decision to separate from the national team to Jonathan Sacks was a true
novel I say it with all respect with dramas and you saw the boy who did not
I had the illusion obviously like all the players of being in that world
of South Africa this despair and anguish of his brother
the anger of the father who threatens to take his son to another school
specifically to Spanish to the Brazilian the ones mentioned there from
made the Spanish media took advantage and are charged on average that almost give it
as a fact I think that this story still has many left
chapters but I'm left with the reaction of a national technician the
World Cup of 94 Miguel Mejía Barón who remembered
offers
a large column where he publicly misses him openly says that he
I miss the handling that the Basque gave him to all this situation and about
all coming from someone who gives so much value to the family and who did not know when
he measured he did not calculate
this reaction that all this problem that is living well common
having had extensive career reported yonathan better would not have worn better
I would have brought me to another
the other was found by all I encourage you to all this the problem of the past the
recent past recent past and now the problem is that the guille franco does not
he has recovered from his injury
today did not train the morning draw a new medical report decided to save it
talk to the body's technical staff
of doctors this
he gave them his opinion and well what the chubby is still managing
the possibility of d was against italy does not know
efe in penélope inti four hours before June 11 the match against
the South Africans at nine in the morning the time of the center of mexico
for
putting someone else is a big decision is a complicated decision
again for javier aguirre
and his staff but we are sure that they will leave it if there are great possibilities
that the guille was the world cup because it is the one that has been concentrated
if there are serious doubts about their physical possibilities it is outside and
will bring a relief the stretches in the fantastic football league
iran team format